Sports car prices.

According to Kaggle the dataset owner is Kiattisak Rattanaporn. This dataset provides details on the pricing of diverse sports cars manufactured by various companies. It encompasses such as car’s make and model, production, year, engine size(L), horsepower, torque, 0-60 MPH acceleration time, and the corresponding price in US dollars. This dataset proves the valuable for analyzing sports car prices and uncovering market trends.

 the Car Make column represents the company that produced the car. For instance, Nissan, Audi, BMW, Mercedes and forth. The other column is the Car Model which represents the version of te car, for example, M4, 911, R8, GTR-Nismo, Mustang and so on. Another column is the year of the sports car. This indicates the year in which where the car is lunched in the market or make it available for purchase. Another feature that we can find in this dataset is the size of the engine in (Liters). This means that when a sport car has a larger engine, the higher the power and the performance is in this car. Engine sizes in this dataset range from 2.0L to 8.0L, with some cars having electric motors instead. The horsepower’s feature indicates the output power that the car brings, and the higher the horse power is the more acceleration it has. The 0-60 MPH feature indicates the time that the car takes to get from 0 to 60 miles per hour. The torque (lb-ft) represents the rotational force generated by the engine. Lastly, the price (USD) indicates the cost of the purchasing of the car.

I believe all the features in this dataset are very significant when it comes to produce and sale the car. Knowing for example the Engine size of a sport car, the torque that it applies, and the horsepower that produce, the car could have a higher price. Moreover, having these data can contribute a great deal to have an idea what type of car these companies can built and the amount of money they sale the sport car. 
